   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-PB2GX

   Skip to main content
   ABC News Homepage
   Search
   Loading
   (BUTTON) More from ABC

More from ABC

   (BUTTON) Close menuABC
     * ABC Home
     * News
     * Local & Radio
     * iview
     * Everyday
     * More

Editorial Policies

   Read our editorial guiding principles
     * Accessibility
     * Help
     * Contact Us
     * About the ABC
     * Privacy Policy
     * Terms of Use
     * © 2023 ABC

     *
     *
     *
     *

     * Just In
     * Watch Live
     * Coronavirus
     * Politics
     * World
     * Business
     * Analysis
     * Sport
     * Science
     * Health
     * Arts
     * Fact Check
     * Other

   News HomeABC News Homepage

   18-year-old man found dead on Palmerston driveway had sustained head
   trauma, NT Police say
   (BUTTON) Share

News Ticker

Flood warning

   For the latest flood and weather warnings, search on ABC Emergency

Test scorecard

   Check the score for the third Test against South Africa at the SCG
   (BUTTON)
   1 / of 2
   (BUTTON) (BUTTON)
   Get breaking news alerts directly to your phone with our app

18-year-old man found dead on Palmerston driveway had sustained head trauma,
NT Police say

   By Alicia Perera
   Posted Sun 9 Oct 2022 at 7:40amSunday 9 Oct 2022 at 7:40amSun 9 Oct
   2022 at 7:40am, updated Sun 9 Oct 2022 at 2:02pmSunday 9 Oct 2022 at
   2:02pmSun 9 Oct 2022 at 2:02pm
   A NT Police vehicle parked in a suburban street on a sunny day, with
   police tape in the background.
   Police are continuing to investigate the man's death, with a crime
   scene still in place this morning.(ABC News: Mitchell Abram)
   Help keep family & friends informed by sharing this article (BUTTON)
   abc.net.au/news/body-of-man-found-in-palmerston-driveway-had-head-traum
   a/101516750
   (BUTTON) Copy link (BUTTON) Share

   A body found on the driveway of a property near Darwin has been
   identified as an 18-year-old man who was a resident of the same suburb.

Key points:

     * The man was found dead outside a vacant house in Driver early on
       Saturday morning
     * He has been identified as an 18-year-old local
     * Police say the man's body showed signs of head trauma

   On Saturday, Northern Territory Police set up a crime scene in the
   Palmerston suburb of Driver, about a 20-minute drive east of Darwin,
   after being notified of the body at about 6:15am.

   In a statement that afternoon, a police spokesman said the man's death
   was being treated as suspicious.

   A crime scene was in place throughout Saturday and into Sunday, as
   detectives from the Major Crime Unit investigated.
   An intersection in a quiet suburb, with a strip of crime scene tape in
   the foreground. The man's body was found outside a property on
   Waterhouse Crescent. (ABC News: Mitchell Abram)

   At a press conference on Sunday afternoon, NT Police Detective Acting
   Senior Sergeant Paul Morrissey said police had identified the man as an
   18-year-old Driver resident.

   "The male has since been identified and family notified," he said.

   "He's a resident of the suburb, but he certainly wasn't near his
   house."

   He also said an initial examination showed the man had suffered head
   trauma.

   An autopsy of the man's body was due to be conducted on Sunday
   afternoon.
   A male NT Police officer standing before several microphones, in front
   of a NT Police banner.
   Paul Morrissey says police still want to hear from witnesses.  (ABC
   News: Peter Garnish)

   The house the man's body had been found outside of appeared to be a
   vacant property, Acting Senior Sergeant Morrissey said.

   He said police believed the man had died at the scene sometime after
   midnight.

Man's body found on driveway

   A crime scene has been declared and an investigation is underway after
   a man was found dead outside a home near Darwin this morning.
   Several NT Police vehicles parked in a suburban street, with police
   tape in the background.
   Read more

   NT Police are continuing to appeal for any information from members of
   the public that could help their investigation.

   "The incident has generated a lot of attention," Acting Senior Sergeant
   Morrissey said.

   "We've got a lot of information coming in, and we’re trying to assess
   that material."

   A crime scene was still in place in Driver on Sunday.
   Posted 9 Oct 20229 Oct 2022Sun 9 Oct 2022 at 7:40am, updated 9 Oct
   20229 Oct 2022Sun 9 Oct 2022 at 2:02pm
   Share
     * Copy link
     * Facebook
     * Twitter
     * (BUTTON)

Related Stories

     *

Police treating death of man found dead on suburban driveway as suspicious
       Several NT Police vehicles parked in a suburban street, with police
       tape in the background.

   More on:
     * Darwin
     * Driver
     * NT
     * Palmerston
     * Police

News in Language

   Listen to the news in Warlpiri, Yolngu Matha and Kriol

Top Stories

     *

'People are traumatised': The Australians fearing their 'worst ever' flood
clean-up
     *

Drag racer Sam Fenech dies, camera operator hospitalised after crash at
raceway west of Brisbane
     *

After 14 unsuccessful rounds of voting, Kevin McCarthy finally elected
Republican US House speaker
     *

Woman, 24, charged with murder after Biggenden shed fire that killed father
and daughter
     *

Sensational Pat Cummins spell puts Aussies in box seat for clean sweep of
South Africa
     *

A catastrophe is unfolding in Britain's health system. UK doctors say it
could happen in Australia next
     *

Albanese says US relationship with Australia remains strong despite concerns
raised over AUKUS deal
     *

Melbourne was built on a swamp and city planners took drastic steps to stop
it flooding every few years
     *

Amid wild scenes in the Republican Party, Trump's waning influence was on
full display
     *

This couple gave up renting to live with waterfront views for $100 a week
     *

Man dies, teen critical after two separate incidents on Adelaide roads
     *

Male driver arrested after two women hit by car in Palmerston in alleged
domestic violence attack
     *

President Joe Biden lauds 'heroes' of January 6 attacks on second anniversary
of riot
     *

Australia is doing business with 'some of the worst human rights abusers on
the planet' in weapons exports
     *

Relief as much-needed supplies finally reach Kimberley town isolated by
floodwater

Popular Now

   1.

Drag racer Sam Fenech dies, camera operator hospitalised after crash at
raceway west of Brisbane

   A 50's man in racing garb smiles and points two fingers in front of a
   car in garage
   2.

Woman, 24, charged with murder after Biggenden shed fire that killed father
and daughter

   A woman standing near a beach.
   3.

After 14 unsuccessful rounds of voting, Kevin McCarthy finally elected
Republican US House speaker

   Close up of Kevin McCarthy surrounded by media as he walks into the
   Capitol.
   4.

A catastrophe is unfolding in Britain's health system. UK doctors say it
could happen in Australia next

   A hospital corridor with a row of gurneys along the side
   5.

Sensational Pat Cummins spell puts Aussies in box seat for clean sweep of
South Africa

   Pat Cummins holds both hands up and points up while screaming
   6.

This couple gave up renting to live with waterfront views for $100 a week

   A young couple standing on their boat docked in water.

Top Stories

'People are traumatised': The Australians fearing their 'worst ever' flood
clean-up

   An Indigenous woman sitting at a park bench looking at the camera.

Drag racer Sam Fenech dies, camera operator hospitalised after crash at
raceway west of Brisbane

   A 50's man in racing garb smiles and points two fingers in front of a
   car in garage

After 14 unsuccessful rounds of voting, Kevin McCarthy finally elected
Republican US House speaker

   Close up of Kevin McCarthy surrounded by media as he walks into the
   Capitol.

Woman, 24, charged with murder after Biggenden shed fire that killed father
and daughter

   A woman standing near a beach.

Sensational Pat Cummins spell puts Aussies in box seat for clean sweep of
South Africa

   Pat Cummins holds both hands up and points up while screaming

A catastrophe is unfolding in Britain's health system. UK doctors say it
could happen in Australia next

   A hospital corridor with a row of gurneys along the side

Albanese says US relationship with Australia remains strong despite concerns
raised over AUKUS deal

   Mr Albanese stands wearing a suit and is speaking with Mr Marles in the
   background.

Melbourne was built on a swamp and city planners took drastic steps to stop
it flooding every few years

   A painting of a flood.

Amid wild scenes in the Republican Party, Trump's waning influence was on
full display

   Kevin McCarthy closes his eyes and wraps his arms around himself

Just In

     *

World number two Jabeur falls to teenage qualifier in Adelaide International
semis
       1h ago1 hours agoSat 7 Jan 2023 at 10:52am
     *

Drag racer Sam Fenech dies, camera operator hospitalised after crash at
raceway west of Brisbane
       1h ago1 hours agoSat 7 Jan 2023 at 10:41am
     *

Sensational Pat Cummins spell puts Aussies in box seat for clean sweep of
South Africa
       4h ago4 hours agoSat 7 Jan 2023 at 7:33am
     *

Lanning in 'exceptional' form ahead of international return against Pakistan
       4h ago4 hours agoSat 7 Jan 2023 at 7:15am
     *

Woman, 24, charged with murder after Biggenden shed fire that killed father
and daughter
       5h ago5 hours agoSat 7 Jan 2023 at 7:09am
     *

Relief as much-needed supplies finally reach Kimberley town isolated by
floodwater
       5h ago5 hours agoSat 7 Jan 2023 at 6:43am

   More Just In

   Back to top

Footer

   ABC News homepage
   More From ABC NEWS

   We acknowledge Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples as the
   First Australians and Traditional Custodians of the lands where we
   live, learn, and work.

Sections

     * ABC NEWS
     * Just In
     * Watch Live
     * Coronavirus
     * Politics
     * World
     * Business
     * Analysis
     * Sport
     * Science
     * Health
     * Arts
     * Fact Check
     * Other

News in language

     * 中文
     * Berita Bahasa Indonesia
     * Tok Pisin

Connect with ABC News

     * Facebook
     * Twitter
     * Instagram
     * YouTube
     * Apple News

More from ABC News

     * Contact ABC NEWS

   This service may include material from Agence France-Presse (AFP),
   APTN, Reuters, AAP, CNN and the BBC World Service which is copyright
   and cannot be reproduced.

   AEST = Australian Eastern Standard Time which is 10 hours ahead of GMT
   (Greenwich Mean Time)
     * Editorial Policies
     * Accessibility
     * Help
     * Contact Us
     * About the ABC
     * Privacy Policy
     * Terms of Use
     * © 2023 ABC

     *
     *
     *
     *
