   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-PB2GX

   Skip to main content
   ABC News Homepage
   Search
   Loading
   (BUTTON) More from ABC

More from ABC

   (BUTTON) Close menuABC
     * ABC Home
     * News
     * Local & Radio
     * iview
     * Everyday
     * More

Editorial Policies

   Read our editorial guiding principles
     * Accessibility
     * Help
     * Contact Us
     * About the ABC
     * Privacy Policy
     * Terms of Use
     * © 2022 ABC

     *
     *
     *
     *

     * Just In
     * Watch Live
     * Coronavirus
     * Politics
     * World
     * Business
     * Analysis
     * Sport
     * Science
     * Health
     * Arts
     * Fact Check
     * Other

   News HomeABC News Homepage

   NT Police investigating after man's body found on residential driveway
   in Palmerston near Darwin
   (BUTTON) Share

News Ticker

Flood warning

   For the latest flood and weather warnings, search on ABC Emergency
   Get breaking news alerts directly to your phone with our app

NT Police investigating after man's body found on residential driveway in
Palmerston near Darwin

   By Alicia Perera and Mitchell Abram
   Posted Sat 8 Oct 2022 at 1:37amSaturday 8 Oct 2022 at 1:37amSat 8 Oct
   2022 at 1:37am, updated Sat 8 Oct 2022 at 1:24pmSaturday 8 Oct 2022 at
   1:24pmSat 8 Oct 2022 at 1:24pm
   Several NT Police vehicles parked in a suburban street, with police
   tape in the background.
   A crime scene was established in the Palmerston suburb of Driver.(ABC
   News: Mitchell Abram)
   Help keep family & friends informed by sharing this article (BUTTON)
   abc.net.au/news/man-found-dead-on-palmerston-driveway-nt-police-investi
   gating/101515222
   (BUTTON) Copy link (BUTTON) Share

   Northern Territory Police are investigating after a man was found dead
   on the driveway of a property near Darwin on Saturday morning.

Key points:

     * The man's body was found in the driveway of a home in Driver at
       about 6:15am
     * NT Police have declared the site a crime scene and detectives from
       the Major Crime Unit are investigating
     * Detectives are calling for public information to assist with
       the investigation

   In a statement, police said they had been notified at about 6:15am
   of an "unresponsive adult man ... on the driveway of a residence near
   the intersection of Driver Avenue and Waterhouse Crescent".

   The home is in Driver, a suburb of the Darwin satellite city of
   Palmerston about a 20-minute drive from the Darwin CBD.

   "Upon police arrival, the man was declared deceased and a crime scene
   established," the statement said.
   An intersection in a quiet suburb, with a strip of crime scene tape in
   the foreground. Police were notified early this morning.(ABC News:
   Mitchell Abram)

   "Detectives from Major Crime are currently in attendance and the death
   is being treated as suspicious."

   A crime scene was declared and was in place for most of Saturday.
   A street sign reading 'Waterhouse Cr', with trees in the background.
   Waterhouse Crescent is part of the crime scene. (ABC News: Mitchell
   Abram)

   Detectives from the Major Crime Unit are investigating the
   circumstances surrounding the man's death.

   Detective Acting Senior Sergeant Paul Morrissey said police were
   looking to the public for help.
   A NT Police vehicle parked in a suburban street on a sunny day, with
   police tape in the background.
   The Major Crime Unit is investigating. (ABC News: Mitchell Abram)

   "Police are urging anyone who witnessed any suspicious behaviour in
   Driver overnight, particularly if you have dash-cam footage, to make
   contact on 131 444," he said.

   "You can also make an anonymous report through Crime Stoppers on 1800
   333 000."

'Everything was quiet'

   Several NT Police vehicles parked in a suburban street, with police
   tape in the foreground.
   The crime scene is expected to remain in place for most of the
   day. (ABC News: Mitchell Abram)

   Darryl Stokes, a Driver resident who lives nearby, said locals had been
   shocked to hear about the death this morning.

   "Everything was quiet on the street," he said.

   "I've just come out, checked on the neighbours … and I've just heard on
   the grapevine that someone deceased [was found] on the corner.

   "It's sad to hear, for the family and the person.

   "But otherwise, we're still trying to find out more, so we know our
   families and we [ourselves] are safe."
   A man with long hair and in a ACDC cap, sunglasses and Holden T-shirt,
   standing on the side of a suburban street.
   Darryl Stokes says the news has shocked locals.(ABC News: Mitchell
   Abram)

   He said he had not heard anything overnight that could suggest what
   might have happened.

   "It's just strange that we didn't hear anything, see anything," he
   said.

   "For the time it happened in the morning, it's very quiet normally and
   you would hear something."
   Posted 8 Oct 20228 Oct 2022Sat 8 Oct 2022 at 1:37am, updated 8 Oct
   20228 Oct 2022Sat 8 Oct 2022 at 1:24pm
   Share
     * Copy link
     * Facebook
     * Twitter
     * (BUTTON)

   More on:
     * Darwin
     * Driver
     * NT
     * Palmerston
     * Police

News in Language

   Listen to the news in Warlpiri, Yolngu Matha and Kriol

Top Stories

     *

Chief Bali bomber Umar Patek released from Java prison early due to 'good
behaviour''
     *

Foreign Minister Penny Wong to urge greater US-Asia engagement at major
Washington DC speech
     *

Dogs that fatally mauled a meter reader south of Brisbane have been put down
     *

New Zealand court takes custody of sick baby from anti-vax parents
     *

Far-right group raided by German police made 'concrete preparations' to
overthrow government, prosecutors allege
     *

Chris Hemsworth, Mystery Road and Baz Luhrmann’s Elvis win big at this year’s
AACTA Awards
     *

Junior doctors warned for taking naps during quiet overnight shifts
     *

Mother of allegedly murdered 8yo Toowoomba girl considered religious leader
'closer than blood relations'
     *

Chinese warned against stockpiling drugs as COVID restrictions ease
     *

'Meatpacker' ploughed $85 million through Adelaide casino, court documents
allege
     *

Baby death inquest told department didn't respond to case worker's email
expressing concerns
     *

Christmas tree fail 'not what I was expecting' says mayor
     *

The economy 'will come to a standstill next year' despite solid growth right
now
     *

David Warner withdraws appeal to end lifetime captaincy ban
     *

Former department head tells Robodebt inquiry she 'didn't want to use
averaging'

Popular Now

   1.

Junior doctors warned for taking naps during quiet overnight shifts

   Doctor or nurse looking tired or dejected.
   2.

Dogs that fatally mauled a meter reader south of Brisbane have been put down

   A policeman capturing a dog in a shed.
   3.

New Zealand court takes custody of sick baby from anti-vax parents

   A baby's hand clenched in a fist in a bed with bumble bee printed
   sheets
   4.

Chief Bali bomber Umar Patek released from Java prison early due to 'good
behaviour''

   The bomb blast scene in Kuta several days after the bomb blasts.
   5.

Christmas tree fail 'not what I was expecting' says mayor

   Norfolk pine with disentagled lights
   6.

'Meatpacker' ploughed $85 million through Adelaide casino, court documents
allege

   city buildings

Top Stories

Chief Bali bomber Umar Patek released from Java prison early due to 'good
behaviour''

   The bomb blast scene in Kuta several days after the bomb blasts.

Foreign Minister Penny Wong to urge greater US-Asia engagement at major
Washington DC speech

   A woman gestures towards a man with whom she stands upon a stage before
   Australian and US flags.

Dogs that fatally mauled a meter reader south of Brisbane have been put down

   A policeman capturing a dog in a shed.

New Zealand court takes custody of sick baby from anti-vax parents

   A baby's hand clenched in a fist in a bed with bumble bee printed
   sheets

Far-right group raided by German police made 'concrete preparations' to
overthrow government, prosecutors allege

   Two armed police in tactical gear and balaclavas walk a handcuffed man
   in a mask and tweed jacket out o a home.

Chris Hemsworth, Mystery Road and Baz Luhrmann’s Elvis win big at this year’s
AACTA Awards

   Chris Hemsworth, a white man with blonde hair, wears a sleek black suit
   and holds an award statue on a stage.

Junior doctors warned for taking naps during quiet overnight shifts

   Doctor or nurse looking tired or dejected.

Mother of allegedly murdered 8yo Toowoomba girl considered religious leader
'closer than blood relations'

   An eight-year-old girl with dark hair and wearing a pink cap sits on
   the knee of a person whose image is blurred.

Chinese warned against stockpiling drugs as COVID restrictions ease

   A huge group of masked commuters waiting to enter a train

Just In

     *

UK LTA fined $1.49 million for banning Russian and Belarusian players from
Wimbledon warm-ups
       8m ago8 minutes agoWed 7 Dec 2022 at 2:27pm
     *

Chief Bali bomber Umar Patek released from Java prison early due to 'good
behaviour''
       1h ago1 hours agoWed 7 Dec 2022 at 1:25pm
     *

Foreign Minister Penny Wong to urge greater US-Asia engagement at major
Washington DC speech
       3h ago3 hours agoWed 7 Dec 2022 at 11:31am
     *

Dogs that fatally mauled a meter reader south of Brisbane have been put down
       4h ago4 hours agoWed 7 Dec 2022 at 10:06am
     *

Chris Hemsworth, Mystery Road and Baz Luhrmann’s Elvis win big at this year’s
AACTA Awards
       4h ago4 hours agoWed 7 Dec 2022 at 9:47am
     *

Universities of Adelaide and SA revive merger talks, with single uni pitched
for 2026
       4h ago4 hours agoWed 7 Dec 2022 at 9:44am

   More Just In

   Back to top

Footer

   ABC News homepage
   More From ABC NEWS

   We acknowledge Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples as the
   First Australians and Traditional Custodians of the lands where we
   live, learn, and work.

Sections

     * ABC NEWS
     * Just In
     * Watch Live
     * Coronavirus
     * Politics
     * World
     * Business
     * Analysis
     * Sport
     * Science
     * Health
     * Arts
     * Fact Check
     * Other

News in language

     * 中文
     * Berita Bahasa Indonesia
     * Tok Pisin

Connect with ABC News

     * Facebook
     * Twitter
     * Instagram
     * YouTube
     * Apple News

More from ABC News

     * Contact ABC NEWS

   This service may include material from Agence France-Presse (AFP),
   APTN, Reuters, AAP, CNN and the BBC World Service which is copyright
   and cannot be reproduced.

   AEST = Australian Eastern Standard Time which is 10 hours ahead of GMT
   (Greenwich Mean Time)
     * Editorial Policies
     * Accessibility
     * Help
     * Contact Us
     * About the ABC
     * Privacy Policy
     * Terms of Use
     * © 2022 ABC

     *
     *
     *
     *
