   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-PB2GX

   Skip to main content
   ABC News Homepage
   Search
   Loading
   (BUTTON) More from ABC

More from ABC

   (BUTTON) Close menuABC
     * ABC Home
     * News
     * Local & Radio
     * iview
     * Everyday
     * More

Editorial Policies

   Read our editorial guiding principles
     * Accessibility
     * Help
     * Contact Us
     * About the ABC
     * Privacy Policy
     * Terms of Use
     * © 2022 ABC

     *
     *
     *
     *

     * Just In
     * Watch Live
     * Coronavirus
     * Politics
     * World
     * Business
     * Analysis
     * Sport
     * Science
     * Health
     * Arts
     * Fact Check
     * Other

   News HomeABC News Homepage

   NT Police investigating after man's body found on residential driveway
   in Palmerston near Darwin
   (BUTTON) Share

News Ticker

Bushfire

   A bushfire sparked by lightning is posing a threat to lives and
   property in Western Australia's south

Live cricket

   Australia takes on the West Indies in day one of the first Test at
   Perth Stadium

Flood warning

   For the latest flood and weather warnings, search on ABC Emergency
   (BUTTON)
   1 / of 3
   (BUTTON) (BUTTON)
   Get breaking news alerts directly to your phone with our app

NT Police investigating after man's body found on residential driveway in
Palmerston near Darwin

   By Alicia Perera and Mitchell Abram
   Posted Sat 8 Oct 2022 at 1:37amSaturday 8 Oct 2022 at 1:37amSat 8 Oct
   2022 at 1:37am, updated Sat 8 Oct 2022 at 1:24pmSaturday 8 Oct 2022 at
   1:24pmSat 8 Oct 2022 at 1:24pm
   Several NT Police vehicles parked in a suburban street, with police
   tape in the background.
   A crime scene was established in the Palmerston suburb of Driver.(ABC
   News: Mitchell Abram)
   Help keep family & friends informed by sharing this article (BUTTON)
   abc.net.au/news/man-found-dead-on-palmerston-driveway-nt-police-investi
   gating/101515222
   (BUTTON) Copy link (BUTTON) Share

   Northern Territory Police are investigating after a man was found dead
   on the driveway of a property near Darwin on Saturday morning.

Key points:

     * The man's body was found in the driveway of a home in Driver at
       about 6:15am
     * NT Police have declared the site a crime scene and detectives from
       the Major Crime Unit are investigating
     * Detectives are calling for public information to assist with
       the investigation

   In a statement, police said they had been notified at about 6:15am
   of an "unresponsive adult man ... on the driveway of a residence near
   the intersection of Driver Avenue and Waterhouse Crescent".

   The home is in Driver, a suburb of the Darwin satellite city of
   Palmerston about a 20-minute drive from the Darwin CBD.

   "Upon police arrival, the man was declared deceased and a crime scene
   established," the statement said.
   An intersection in a quiet suburb, with a strip of crime scene tape in
   the foreground. Police were notified early this morning.(ABC News:
   Mitchell Abram)

   "Detectives from Major Crime are currently in attendance and the death
   is being treated as suspicious."

   A crime scene was declared and was in place for most of Saturday.
   A street sign reading 'Waterhouse Cr', with trees in the background.
   Waterhouse Crescent is part of the crime scene. (ABC News: Mitchell
   Abram)

   Detectives from the Major Crime Unit are investigating the
   circumstances surrounding the man's death.

   Detective Acting Senior Sergeant Paul Morrissey said police were
   looking to the public for help.
   A NT Police vehicle parked in a suburban street on a sunny day, with
   police tape in the background.
   The Major Crime Unit is investigating. (ABC News: Mitchell Abram)

   "Police are urging anyone who witnessed any suspicious behaviour in
   Driver overnight, particularly if you have dash-cam footage, to make
   contact on 131 444," he said.

   "You can also make an anonymous report through Crime Stoppers on 1800
   333 000."

'Everything was quiet'

   Several NT Police vehicles parked in a suburban street, with police
   tape in the foreground.
   The crime scene is expected to remain in place for most of the
   day. (ABC News: Mitchell Abram)

   Darryl Stokes, a Driver resident who lives nearby, said locals had been
   shocked to hear about the death this morning.

   "Everything was quiet on the street," he said.

   "I've just come out, checked on the neighbours … and I've just heard on
   the grapevine that someone deceased [was found] on the corner.

   "It's sad to hear, for the family and the person.

   "But otherwise, we're still trying to find out more, so we know our
   families and we [ourselves] are safe."
   A man with long hair and in a ACDC cap, sunglasses and Holden T-shirt,
   standing on the side of a suburban street.
   Darryl Stokes says the news has shocked locals.(ABC News: Mitchell
   Abram)

   He said he had not heard anything overnight that could suggest what
   might have happened.

   "It's just strange that we didn't hear anything, see anything," he
   said.

   "For the time it happened in the morning, it's very quiet normally and
   you would hear something."
   Posted 8 Oct 20228 Oct 2022Sat 8 Oct 2022 at 1:37am, updated 8 Oct
   20228 Oct 2022Sat 8 Oct 2022 at 1:24pm
   Share
     * Copy link
     * Facebook
     * Twitter
     * (BUTTON)

   More on:
     * Darwin
     * Driver
     * NT
     * Palmerston
     * Police

News in Language

   Listen to the news in Warlpiri, Yolngu Matha and Kriol

Top Stories

     *

Menthol cigarettes to be banned, and others to be made ugly colours, in
further efforts to end smoking
     *

'We've seen the peak': Falling shipping costs, reduced fruit and veggie
prices push down inflation
     * live

Marnus Labuschagne gets first Test ton of the summer, Steve Smith hits 50, to
start series against West Indies
     *

Claudia was told to clean windows so customers could see her legs. Workplace
sexual harassment is not getting better
     *

'Escalating' bushfire threatens lives and property on WA's south coast
     *

Morrison says he will not 'submit' to political intimidation as house votes
to censure former prime minister
     *

On the wrong side of the street: Why some property owners will miss out on
flood protection
     *

Army veteran Kylie Reynolds tells of sexual assault and career that left her
'persecuted' and 'harassed'
     *

Area the size of Tasmania handed back to Far North Queensland traditional
owners
     *

Jacinda Ardern shuts down 'crass' suggestion about meeting with Finnish
leader
     *

'Depraved' paedophile who abused 22 children, including his own, jailed in
one of WA's 'worst' crimes
     *

Emma and Chris have spent $50,000 and sold a house in a desperate bid to have
a baby
     *

'Like a horror movie': Helicopter crashes into roof of Melbourne home
     *

Inquest into crash that killed four teens hears family struggling to process
death of daughter who 'never made it home'
     *

National Anti-Corruption Commission established after clearing final
parliamentary hurdle

Popular Now

   1.

Menthol cigarettes to be banned, and others to be made ugly colours, in
further efforts to end smoking

   A smoker lights up a cigarette
   2.

Jacinda Ardern shuts down 'crass' suggestion about meeting with Finnish
leader

   Two women stand at lecterns on a stage. One has the Finland flag behind
   her, and the other has the New Zealdn flag behind her.
   3.

Claudia was told to clean windows so customers could see her legs. Workplace
sexual harassment is not getting better

   A woman with bright red hair has her hands in her pockets, standing in
   front of large green doors.
   4.
   live

live: Marnus Labuschagne gets first Test ton of the summer, Steve Smith hits
50, to start series against West Indies

   Marnus Labuschagne holds his bat up after playing a shot
   5.

'Depraved' paedophile who abused 22 children, including his own, jailed in
one of WA's 'worst' crimes

   The silhouette of a child sitting on a bed with an adult sitting
   alongside them.
   6.

Vehicle driven by missing teen found in remote bushland

   A picture smiling young woman with long dark hair inset on a picture of
   a dark-coloured four-wheel drive.

Top Stories

Menthol cigarettes to be banned, and others to be made ugly colours, in
further efforts to end smoking

   A smoker lights up a cigarette

'We've seen the peak': Falling shipping costs, reduced fruit and veggie
prices push down inflation

   A truck carries a Hamburg Sud shipping container in front of a stack of
   other containers at Sydney's Port Botany.
   live

Marnus Labuschagne gets first Test ton of the summer, Steve Smith hits 50, to
start series against West Indies

   Marnus Labuschagne holds his bat up after playing a shot

Claudia was told to clean windows so customers could see her legs. Workplace
sexual harassment is not getting better

   A woman with bright red hair has her hands in her pockets, standing in
   front of large green doors.

'Escalating' bushfire threatens lives and property on WA's south coast

   A fire truck heading towards a bushfire

Morrison says he will not 'submit' to political intimidation as house votes
to censure former prime minister

   Morrison stands speaking from his seat in the house of representatives.

On the wrong side of the street: Why some property owners will miss out on
flood protection

   Aerial photo of houses and businesses next to a brown river.

Army veteran Kylie Reynolds tells of sexual assault and career that left her
'persecuted' and 'harassed'

   A woman standing in army uniform with her hands behind her back

Area the size of Tasmania handed back to Far North Queensland traditional
owners

   Two men sit next to each other smiling at the camera.

Just In

     *

'Escalating' bushfire threatens lives and property on WA's south coast
       14m ago14 minutes agoWed 30 Nov 2022 at 8:48am
     *

'He's going to grow up without his mum': Family say pregnant woman attacked
in car park unlikely to survive
       15m ago15 minutes agoWed 30 Nov 2022 at 8:47am
     *

China and Russia send warplanes in and out of South Korea's air defence zone
       18m ago18 minutes agoWed 30 Nov 2022 at 8:44am
     *

Japanese court rules same-sex marriage ban is constitutional
       49m ago49 minutes agoWed 30 Nov 2022 at 8:13am
     *

Inquest into crash that killed four teens hears family struggling to process
death of daughter who 'never made it home'
       1h ago1 hours agoWed 30 Nov 2022 at 7:08am
     *

Jacinda Ardern shuts down 'crass' suggestion about meeting with Finnish
leader
       2h ago2 hours agoWed 30 Nov 2022 at 6:53am

   More Just In

   Back to top

Footer

   ABC News homepage
   More From ABC NEWS

   We acknowledge Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples as the
   First Australians and Traditional Custodians of the lands where we
   live, learn, and work.

Sections

     * ABC NEWS
     * Just In
     * Watch Live
     * Coronavirus
     * Politics
     * World
     * Business
     * Analysis
     * Sport
     * Science
     * Health
     * Arts
     * Fact Check
     * Other

News in language

     * 中文
     * Berita Bahasa Indonesia
     * Tok Pisin

Connect with ABC News

     * Facebook
     * Twitter
     * Instagram
     * YouTube
     * Apple News

More from ABC News

     * Contact ABC NEWS

   This service may include material from Agence France-Presse (AFP),
   APTN, Reuters, AAP, CNN and the BBC World Service which is copyright
   and cannot be reproduced.

   AEST = Australian Eastern Standard Time which is 10 hours ahead of GMT
   (Greenwich Mean Time)
     * Editorial Policies
     * Accessibility
     * Help
     * Contact Us
     * About the ABC
     * Privacy Policy
     * Terms of Use
     * © 2022 ABC

     *
     *
     *
     *
