   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-PB2GX

   Skip to main content
   ABC News Homepage
   Search
   Loading
   (BUTTON) More from ABC

More from ABC

   (BUTTON) Close menuABC
     * ABC Home
     * News
     * Local & Radio
     * iview
     * Everyday
     * More

Editorial Policies

   Read our editorial guiding principles
     * Accessibility
     * Help
     * Contact Us
     * About the ABC
     * Privacy Policy
     * Terms of Use
     * © 2022 ABC

     *
     *
     *
     *

     * Just In
     * Watch Live
     * Coronavirus
     * Politics
     * World
     * Business
     * Analysis
     * Sport
     * Science
     * Health
     * Arts
     * Fact Check
     * Other

   News HomeABC News Homepage

   18-year-old man found dead on Palmerston driveway had sustained head
   trauma, NT Police say
   (BUTTON) Share

News Ticker

Bushfire

   A bushfire sparked by lightning is posing a threat to lives and
   property in Western Australia's south

Live cricket

   Australia takes on the West Indies in day one of the first Test at
   Perth Stadium

Flood warning

   For the latest flood and weather warnings, search on ABC Emergency
   (BUTTON)
   1 / of 3
   (BUTTON) (BUTTON)
   Get breaking news alerts directly to your phone with our app

18-year-old man found dead on Palmerston driveway had sustained head trauma,
NT Police say

   By Alicia Perera
   Posted Sun 9 Oct 2022 at 7:40amSunday 9 Oct 2022 at 7:40amSun 9 Oct
   2022 at 7:40am, updated Sun 9 Oct 2022 at 2:02pmSunday 9 Oct 2022 at
   2:02pmSun 9 Oct 2022 at 2:02pm
   A NT Police vehicle parked in a suburban street on a sunny day, with
   police tape in the background.
   Police are continuing to investigate the man's death, with a crime
   scene still in place this morning.(ABC News: Mitchell Abram)
   Help keep family & friends informed by sharing this article (BUTTON)
   abc.net.au/news/body-of-man-found-in-palmerston-driveway-had-head-traum
   a/101516750
   (BUTTON) Copy link (BUTTON) Share

   A body found on the driveway of a property near Darwin has been
   identified as an 18-year-old man who was a resident of the same suburb.

Key points:

     * The man was found dead outside a vacant house in Driver early on
       Saturday morning
     * He has been identified as an 18-year-old local
     * Police say the man's body showed signs of head trauma

   On Saturday, Northern Territory Police set up a crime scene in the
   Palmerston suburb of Driver, about a 20-minute drive east of Darwin,
   after being notified of the body at about 6:15am.

   In a statement that afternoon, a police spokesman said the man's death
   was being treated as suspicious.

   A crime scene was in place throughout Saturday and into Sunday, as
   detectives from the Major Crime Unit investigated.
   An intersection in a quiet suburb, with a strip of crime scene tape in
   the foreground. The man's body was found outside a property on
   Waterhouse Crescent. (ABC News: Mitchell Abram)

   At a press conference on Sunday afternoon, NT Police Detective Acting
   Senior Sergeant Paul Morrissey said police had identified the man as an
   18-year-old Driver resident.

   "The male has since been identified and family notified," he said.

   "He's a resident of the suburb, but he certainly wasn't near his
   house."

   He also said an initial examination showed the man had suffered head
   trauma.

   An autopsy of the man's body was due to be conducted on Sunday
   afternoon.
   A male NT Police officer standing before several microphones, in front
   of a NT Police banner.
   Paul Morrissey says police still want to hear from witnesses.  (ABC
   News: Peter Garnish)

   The house the man's body had been found outside of appeared to be a
   vacant property, Acting Senior Sergeant Morrissey said.

   He said police believed the man had died at the scene sometime after
   midnight.

Man's body found on driveway

   A crime scene has been declared and an investigation is underway after
   a man was found dead outside a home near Darwin this morning.
   Several NT Police vehicles parked in a suburban street, with police
   tape in the background.
   Read more

   NT Police are continuing to appeal for any information from members of
   the public that could help their investigation.

   "The incident has generated a lot of attention," Acting Senior Sergeant
   Morrissey said.

   "We've got a lot of information coming in, and we’re trying to assess
   that material."

   A crime scene was still in place in Driver on Sunday.
   Posted 9 Oct 20229 Oct 2022Sun 9 Oct 2022 at 7:40am, updated 9 Oct
   20229 Oct 2022Sun 9 Oct 2022 at 2:02pm
   Share
     * Copy link
     * Facebook
     * Twitter
     * (BUTTON)

Related Stories

     *

Police treating death of man found dead on suburban driveway as suspicious
       Several NT Police vehicles parked in a suburban street, with police
       tape in the background.

   More on:
     * Darwin
     * Driver
     * NT
     * Palmerston
     * Police

News in Language

   Listen to the news in Warlpiri, Yolngu Matha and Kriol

Top Stories

     *

Menthol cigarettes to be banned, and others to be made ugly colours, in
further efforts to end smoking
     *

'We've seen the peak': Falling shipping costs, reduced fruit and veggie
prices push down inflation
     * live

Marnus Labuschagne gets first Test ton of the summer, Steve Smith hits 50, to
start series against West Indies
     *

Claudia was told to clean windows so customers could see her legs. Workplace
sexual harassment is not getting better
     *

'Escalating' bushfire threatens lives and property on WA's south coast
     *

Morrison says he will not 'submit' to political intimidation as house votes
to censure former prime minister
     *

On the wrong side of the street: Why some property owners will miss out on
flood protection
     *

Army veteran Kylie Reynolds tells of sexual assault and career that left her
'persecuted' and 'harassed'
     *

Area the size of Tasmania handed back to Far North Queensland traditional
owners
     *

Jacinda Ardern shuts down 'crass' suggestion about meeting with Finnish
leader
     *

'Depraved' paedophile who abused 22 children, including his own, jailed in
one of WA's 'worst' crimes
     *

Emma and Chris have spent $50,000 and sold a house in a desperate bid to have
a baby
     *

'Like a horror movie': Helicopter crashes into roof of Melbourne home
     *

Inquest into crash that killed four teens hears family struggling to process
death of daughter who 'never made it home'
     *

National Anti-Corruption Commission established after clearing final
parliamentary hurdle

Popular Now

   1.

Menthol cigarettes to be banned, and others to be made ugly colours, in
further efforts to end smoking

   A smoker lights up a cigarette
   2.

Jacinda Ardern shuts down 'crass' suggestion about meeting with Finnish
leader

   Two women stand at lecterns on a stage. One has the Finland flag behind
   her, and the other has the New Zealdn flag behind her.
   3.

Claudia was told to clean windows so customers could see her legs. Workplace
sexual harassment is not getting better

   A woman with bright red hair has her hands in her pockets, standing in
   front of large green doors.
   4.
   live

live: Marnus Labuschagne gets first Test ton of the summer, Steve Smith hits
50, to start series against West Indies

   Marnus Labuschagne holds his bat up after playing a shot
   5.

'Depraved' paedophile who abused 22 children, including his own, jailed in
one of WA's 'worst' crimes

   The silhouette of a child sitting on a bed with an adult sitting
   alongside them.
   6.

Vehicle driven by missing teen found in remote bushland

   A picture smiling young woman with long dark hair inset on a picture of
   a dark-coloured four-wheel drive.

Top Stories

Menthol cigarettes to be banned, and others to be made ugly colours, in
further efforts to end smoking

   A smoker lights up a cigarette

'We've seen the peak': Falling shipping costs, reduced fruit and veggie
prices push down inflation

   A truck carries a Hamburg Sud shipping container in front of a stack of
   other containers at Sydney's Port Botany.
   live

Marnus Labuschagne gets first Test ton of the summer, Steve Smith hits 50, to
start series against West Indies

   Marnus Labuschagne holds his bat up after playing a shot

Claudia was told to clean windows so customers could see her legs. Workplace
sexual harassment is not getting better

   A woman with bright red hair has her hands in her pockets, standing in
   front of large green doors.

'Escalating' bushfire threatens lives and property on WA's south coast

   A fire truck heading towards a bushfire

Morrison says he will not 'submit' to political intimidation as house votes
to censure former prime minister

   Morrison stands speaking from his seat in the house of representatives.

On the wrong side of the street: Why some property owners will miss out on
flood protection

   Aerial photo of houses and businesses next to a brown river.

Army veteran Kylie Reynolds tells of sexual assault and career that left her
'persecuted' and 'harassed'

   A woman standing in army uniform with her hands behind her back

Area the size of Tasmania handed back to Far North Queensland traditional
owners

   Two men sit next to each other smiling at the camera.

Just In

     *

'Escalating' bushfire threatens lives and property on WA's south coast
       14m ago14 minutes agoWed 30 Nov 2022 at 8:48am
     *

'He's going to grow up without his mum': Family say pregnant woman attacked
in car park unlikely to survive
       15m ago15 minutes agoWed 30 Nov 2022 at 8:47am
     *

China and Russia send warplanes in and out of South Korea's air defence zone
       18m ago18 minutes agoWed 30 Nov 2022 at 8:44am
     *

Japanese court rules same-sex marriage ban is constitutional
       49m ago49 minutes agoWed 30 Nov 2022 at 8:13am
     *

Inquest into crash that killed four teens hears family struggling to process
death of daughter who 'never made it home'
       1h ago1 hours agoWed 30 Nov 2022 at 7:08am
     *

Jacinda Ardern shuts down 'crass' suggestion about meeting with Finnish
leader
       2h ago2 hours agoWed 30 Nov 2022 at 6:53am

   More Just In

   Back to top

Footer

   ABC News homepage
   More From ABC NEWS

   We acknowledge Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples as the
   First Australians and Traditional Custodians of the lands where we
   live, learn, and work.

Sections

     * ABC NEWS
     * Just In
     * Watch Live
     * Coronavirus
     * Politics
     * World
     * Business
     * Analysis
     * Sport
     * Science
     * Health
     * Arts
     * Fact Check
     * Other

News in language

     * 中文
     * Berita Bahasa Indonesia
     * Tok Pisin

Connect with ABC News

     * Facebook
     * Twitter
     * Instagram
     * YouTube
     * Apple News

More from ABC News

     * Contact ABC NEWS

   This service may include material from Agence France-Presse (AFP),
   APTN, Reuters, AAP, CNN and the BBC World Service which is copyright
   and cannot be reproduced.

   AEST = Australian Eastern Standard Time which is 10 hours ahead of GMT
   (Greenwich Mean Time)
     * Editorial Policies
     * Accessibility
     * Help
     * Contact Us
     * About the ABC
     * Privacy Policy
     * Terms of Use
     * © 2022 ABC

     *
     *
     *
     *
