   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-PB2GX

   Skip to main content
   ABC News Homepage
   Search
   Loading
   (BUTTON) More from ABC

More from ABC

   (BUTTON) Close menuABC
     * ABC Home
     * News
     * Local & Radio
     * iview
     * Everyday
     * More

Editorial Policies

   Read our editorial guiding principles
     * Accessibility
     * Help
     * Contact Us
     * About the ABC
     * Privacy Policy
     * Terms of Use
     * © 2022 ABC

     *
     *
     *
     *

     * Just In
     * Watch Live
     * Coronavirus
     * Politics
     * World
     * Business
     * Analysis
     * Sport
     * Science
     * Health
     * Arts
     * Fact Check
     * Other

   News HomeABC News Homepage

   WA police confirm bikie links in 'cold-blooded' fatal shooting in
   northern Perth suburb of Gnangara
   (BUTTON) Share

News Ticker

Flood warning

   For the latest flood and weather warnings, search on ABC Emergency

RED CARPET

   The biggest names in Australia's film and television industry gather
   for the 2022 AACTA Awards
   (BUTTON)
   1 / of 2
   (BUTTON) (BUTTON)
   Get breaking news alerts directly to your phone with our app

WA police confirm bikie links in 'cold-blooded' fatal shooting in northern
Perth suburb of Gnangara

   By Jade Barker
   Posted Thu 29 Sep 2022 at 12:31pmThursday 29 Sep 2022 at 12:31pmThu 29
   Sep 2022 at 12:31pm, updated Fri 30 Sep 2022 at 8:34amFriday 30 Sep
   2022 at 8:34amFri 30 Sep 2022 at 8:34am
   An aerial image of police at a semi-rural property near a large
   warehouse
   Police at the workshop premises on Sydney Road where the 34-year-old
   was found dead.(ABC News)
   Help keep family & friends informed by sharing this article (BUTTON)
   abc.net.au/news/wa-police-investigate-fatal-shooting-gnangara/101489004
   (BUTTON) Copy link (BUTTON) Share

   WA police have vowed to crack down on criminal gangs following a fatal
   shooting in the northern Perth suburb of Gnangara yesterday, with
   detectives confirming the victim had links to bikie members.

Key points:

     * Police found a man dead at a workshop in Gnangara about 4pm on
       Thursday
     * The gang crime squad is assisting the homicide squad with their
       inquiries
     * Police believe the shooting was targeted and the shooter poses no
       threat to the community

   A 34-year-old man was found dead at a workshop premises on Sydney Road
   after being shot.

   Police say investigations are ongoing and no arrests have yet been
   made, but they reassured there was no active threat to the community,
   as it was a targeted attack.

   Commissioner Col Blanch said a number of search warrants had already
   been carried out, with more to come, to "send a clear message to those
   in the community that want to commit these acts of violence that it is
   not tolerated".

   "If people think that they can, in cold blood, shoot people in Western
   Australia, then the police will be coming for them."
   A head and shoulders shot of a WA police officer with short grey hair.
   Police Commissioner Col Blanch says the gang crime squad is handling
   the investigation. (ABC News: Abby Richards)

'Toughest bikie and firearms laws in the nation'

   Police Minister Paul Papalia reiterated that Western Australia will
   continue to crack down hard on gang-related crime.

   "This type of act is exactly why the government is giving the Western
   Australian police the toughest bikie and firearms laws in the nation,"
   the minister said.

   As well as recent amendments to the firearm act and consorting
   legislation, Minister Papalia said the government was also working on
   amendments to the surveillance devices act and the criminal
   investigation act "to enable police to more effectively target outlaw
   motorcycle gangs and organised crime".

   Commissioner Blanch issued a direct warning to criminal gangs: "If you
   get out of line, you start doing things like this, then the gang crime
   squad will come for you".
   Police collecting evidence at a large warehouse on a rural property
   WA police collecting evidence from the crime scene in Gnangara on
   Friday. (ABC News: Jade Barker)

Police appeal for witnesses

   Neighbours reported hearing several gunshots and say they saw both a
   car and a motorcycle leaving the scene shortly afterwards.

   The property where the shooting took place is a warehouse, which
   neighbours say is a shared workspace used by mechanics.
   Police taking photos of evidence near motorcycles
   Neighbours say the warehouse where the victim was shot is shared by
   mechanics.  (ABC News)

   The area is semi-rural, with small farms immediately surrounding the
   warehouse.

   Police are asking for anyone who was in the area between 1pm and 4pm on
   Thursday afternoon that might have information or any CCTV, dashcam or
   mobile phone footage, to call Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000.
   Posted 29 Sep 202229 Sep 2022Thu 29 Sep 2022 at 12:31pm, updated 30 Sep
   202230 Sep 2022Fri 30 Sep 2022 at 8:34am
   Share
     * Copy link
     * Facebook
     * Twitter
     * (BUTTON)

Related Stories

     *

Violent offenders to be banned from West Australian entertainment precincts
for five years
       A close-up shot of a couple posing for a selfie.

   More on:
     * Gnangara
     * Perth
     * Police

Top Stories

     *

Junior doctors warned for taking naps during quiet overnight shifts
     *

Former department head tells Robodebt inquiry she 'didn't want to use
averaging'
     *

The economy 'will come to a standstill next year' despite solid growth right
now
     *

'A backlog of biblical proportions': New data reveals the impact of COVID-19
on elective surgery
     *

Australia and the US talk China, nuclear-powered submarines and a 'very
cool-looking' $1b aircraft
     * live

All the glitz and glamour from the AACTA Awards red carpet
     *

'Meatpacker' ploughed $85 million through Adelaide casino, court documents
allege
     *

Brian Houston's father continued to preach after admitting to child sexual
abuse, court hears
     *

NT chief minister insists Don Dale can accommodate Alice Springs detainees
     *

Christmas tree fail 'not what I was expecting' says mayor
     *

Bruce Lehrmann engages defamation lawyer after rape trial abandoned
     *

Body found 'wrapped' and partially buried in locked void at Brisbane unit
complex
     *

Buddy was on-call for his job when he broke his leg while walking his dog —
he just won his worker's comp fight
     *

Queensland MP's son remanded in prison to face fresh child exploitation
charges
     *

Police hunt for man who allegedly walked out of store with $10k Armani jacket
down his pants

Popular Now

   1.

Junior doctors warned for taking naps during quiet overnight shifts

   Doctor or nurse looking tired or dejected.
   2.

Christmas tree fail 'not what I was expecting' says mayor

   Norfolk pine with disentagled lights
   3.

Bruce Lehrmann engages defamation lawyer after rape trial abandoned

   A composite image of a man with glasses in a suit and tie, and a woman
   with long hair.
   4.

'Meatpacker' ploughed $85 million through Adelaide casino, court documents
allege

   city buildings
   5.

Queensland MP's son remanded in prison to face fresh child exploitation
charges

   Photo of young man in white shirt with black dress tie walking away
   from camera.
   6.

Police hunt for man who allegedly walked out of store with $10k Armani jacket
down his pants

   A grainy CCTV image of a man with short dark hair and a black jumper.

Top Stories

Junior doctors warned for taking naps during quiet overnight shifts

   Doctor or nurse looking tired or dejected.

Former department head tells Robodebt inquiry she 'didn't want to use
averaging'

   A woman with short curly brown hair gestures as she speaks. She is
   wearing a bright, deep green collared shirt.

The economy 'will come to a standstill next year' despite solid growth right
now

   Glasses on a table at a restaurant with people enjoying food in the
   background.

'A backlog of biblical proportions': New data reveals the impact of COVID-19
on elective surgery

   Dan Hadley, wearing a mask and gown, touches a screen with medical
   informaiton

Australia and the US talk China, nuclear-powered submarines and a 'very
cool-looking' $1b aircraft

   a stealth bomber is shown on a stage and is lit from behind
   live

All the glitz and glamour from the AACTA Awards red carpet

   A composite image of three actors on the red carpet One is in a colour
   gown, one is in black and one in pink.

'Meatpacker' ploughed $85 million through Adelaide casino, court documents
allege

   city buildings

Brian Houston's father continued to preach after admitting to child sexual
abuse, court hears

   A man in a suit walks as a microphone is held in his path

NT chief minister insists Don Dale can accommodate Alice Springs detainees

   A woman with dark hair stands outside, speaking.

Just In

     *

Mother of murdered 8yo Toowoomba girl considered leader of religious group
'closer than any blood relations'
       8m ago8 minutes agoWed 7 Dec 2022 at 8:10am
     *

Chinese warned against stockpiling drugs as COVID restrictions ease
       21m ago21 minutes agoWed 7 Dec 2022 at 7:57am
     *

'Meatpacker' ploughed $85 million through Adelaide casino, court documents
allege
       42m ago42 minutes agoWed 7 Dec 2022 at 7:37am
     *

How these ecosystems act like an 'airbag for our coastline' and secretly
protect us from the effects of climate change
       43m ago43 minutes agoWed 7 Dec 2022 at 7:36am
     *

Bruce Lehrmann engages defamation lawyer after rape trial abandoned
       48m ago48 minutes agoWed 7 Dec 2022 at 7:30am
     *

Man who denies murdering girlfriend told police he lit a fire under her home
to 'get back at her'
       59m ago59 minutes agoWed 7 Dec 2022 at 7:20am

   More Just In

   Back to top

Footer

   ABC News homepage
   More From ABC NEWS

   We acknowledge Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples as the
   First Australians and Traditional Custodians of the lands where we
   live, learn, and work.

Sections

     * ABC NEWS
     * Just In
     * Watch Live
     * Coronavirus
     * Politics
     * World
     * Business
     * Analysis
     * Sport
     * Science
     * Health
     * Arts
     * Fact Check
     * Other

News in language

     * 中文
     * Berita Bahasa Indonesia
     * Tok Pisin

Connect with ABC News

     * Facebook
     * Twitter
     * Instagram
     * YouTube
     * Apple News

More from ABC News

     * Contact ABC NEWS

   This service may include material from Agence France-Presse (AFP),
   APTN, Reuters, AAP, CNN and the BBC World Service which is copyright
   and cannot be reproduced.

   AEST = Australian Eastern Standard Time which is 10 hours ahead of GMT
   (Greenwich Mean Time)
     * Editorial Policies
     * Accessibility
     * Help
     * Contact Us
     * About the ABC
     * Privacy Policy
     * Terms of Use
     * © 2022 ABC

     *
     *
     *
     *
